Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to use
uh this chrono image edit model to
generate
image.
Let's just create another model and add
this prompt right here to get the edit
image and this side. Okay, that's okay.
First thing first, open the camp UI
and run it from this.
Okay, now let's go to template. After
going to template,
let's Okay, go here and choose GPU.
After that, let's go right here. Go
down. Okay.
I want to choose this model chrono edit
to edit image like this.
Okay. The requirement of using this
model we have to download this missing
modules from this. You can click right
here for every model to download it or
you can copy the URL and go here to EDM
and add URL and start download. For me,
I already download those files.
Okay,
this let's add one one by one using
their pess.
Okay, the first one is the varn.
Let's go here.
Okay,
edit.
Where is it? Like that.
And go come to UI
orderless.
Search for VI.
Where is the first one?
The name of the first one
12.1 V.
Okay. Second one
each.
Where is the fish?
DP H.
Third one. Text encoder file.
Model is text encoders.
Safe.
Fourth one. Loras
detus.
Where is Doris?
Laura.
Let's return to modus
and search.
Find one model from edit.
14 billion FP16
the fusion models
fusion moders
drag it right here
for you can follow the same process by
downloading them after that you can do
it as you like okay fine
now close all of them and Let's go and
reload the page.
Okay. Now you can add your image and the
edit prompt. You can uh choose this
prompt from chat GPT
uh for editing images for me. I have
this one. Okay. I want to read this list
that's I download from JP
and I want to use this prompt about
fasting
tempo like this. Okay, this is the
regulation width and height. Okay, let's
run and see the result.
uh using this mode electron in the edit
with this prompt and this image to get
this result it takes around five
minutes. Okay, I think there is no
change before this and this.